Oh
Nina
we're here in Taipei at the is this
press conference here and we're looking
at the u-33 JC this is a new core i5
450m laptop it's just been released by
Zeus today most notable is that it has a
bamboo feature here for the wrist pad
coming over to the mouse tracking area
here and if we pull it down I believe
yeah there's also bamboo along here you
can see here a really nice chiclet
keyboard the shift keys decent size
you've got a button here that adjusts
through all the different power power
options that you've got and over here
you've got the power button what is
interesting about this notebook here is
it does come with a USB 3 port but it
looks like there's only one you can see
the blue pot the the rest blackra
childish humor just USB 2 so you've got
a multi-function card reader headphone
jacks microphone jack there's the USB 3
just mentioned another USB to networking
and then there's the power input around
the side there's not a whole lot going
on but it does look nice with the bamboo
finish around this side there's some air
vent holes you've got VGA output and
that there is hdmi along with another
USB to port what you may have noticed if
you are watching carefully there is no
DVD drive on this unit so that is rather
interesting it does come with two gig of
ddr3 memory in there and a 500 gig 7200
RPM hard drive the weight of the unit is
around 1.8 kilograms and it does use a
rather large eight cell battery you can
see it there Nicole's holding it for me
and would have told us that it will you
should run get around 11 hours of
battery life we're not sure if that's
true or not because we don't had a
chance to test it of course
Ordo 840 so yeah we go to the standby
time now it's good about 89% remaining
and it's about eight hours and 40
minutes so that's really good so we may
be looking around nine to ten hours of
course depending on what you're doing we
speak to is this and they're telling us
that it will probably launch around
mid-june and the pricing Taiwan after we
calculated from mt dollars works out to
be 1300 us so this has been Cameron in
Taipei at the Azziz press conference
looking at the u-33 JC